enhancements.md, before:

<!-- layout: page
title: "enhancements"
permalink: https://ivypokorny.github.io/enhancements

| [Home](https://ivypokorny.github.io/) | [About Me](https://ivypokorny.github.io/about) | [Code Review](https://ivypokorny.github.io/code-review) | [Original Artifact](https://ivypokorny.github.io/original-artifact) | [Enhancements](https://ivypokorny.github.io/enhancements) | [Narratives](https://ivypokorny.github.io/narratives) |  -->

# Enhancement Explanation Here

This could be long and big

I should have links to the pdfs of the narratives

##   Software Engineering and Design

Here's where I put the full description

[Click here](https://github.com/IvyPokorny/Stock-t_2/tree/499_Milestone2) to view the Software Engineering and Design repository for this enhancement

Here you can find the narrative corresponding to this category: [Narrative on Software Engineering and Design](CS499_Milestone2.pdf)

##   Algorithms and Data Strucutres

Here's where I put the full description

[Click here](https://github.com/IvyPokorny/Stock-t_2/tree/499_Milestone3) to view the Algorithms and Data Strucutres repository for this enhancement

Here you can find the narrative corresponding to this category: [Narrative on Algorithms and Data Strucutres](CS499_Milestone3.pdf)

##   Databases

Here's where I put the full description

[Click here](https://github.com/IvyPokorny/Stock-t_2/tree/499_Milestone4) to view the Database repository for this enhancement

Here you can find the narrative corresponding to this category: [Narrative on Databases](CS499_Milestone4.pdf)

Narrative explanations of my selection and improvement process for this project can be found here as well. Either click the Narratives link above or [Click here](https://ivypokorny.github.io/narratives).

Commit message:

Security update and all artifacts and text

enhancements.md, after:

<!-- layout: page
title: "enhancements"
permalink: https://ivypokorny.github.io/enhancements

| [Home](https://ivypokorny.github.io/) | [About Me](https://ivypokorny.github.io/about) | [Code Review](https://ivypokorny.github.io/code-review) | [Original Artifact](https://ivypokorny.github.io/original-artifact) | [Enhancements](https://ivypokorny.github.io/enhancements) | [Narratives](https://ivypokorny.github.io/narratives) |  -->

# Enhancements

##   Software Engineering and Design

For this category I have implemented a Inventory display graph which colors the items in the inventory by category to allow the user to check stock counts quickly and easily. The graph supports zooming in and out as well as swapping between total count and total value. The home page also supports a list of low stock items, the name of the last item that had it's count adjusted, and a total count of how many unique items there are and how many there are total.

[Click here](https://github.com/IvyPokorny/Stock-t_2/tree/499_Milestone2) to view the Software Engineering and Design repository for this enhancement

Here you can find the narrative corresponding to this category: [Narrative on Software Engineering and Design](CS499_Milestone2.pdf)

##   Algorithms and Data Strucutres

For this category, the improvement made allows the user to enter the history screen, which implements two stacks to undo and redo adjustments made to the inventory. This includes creation, deletion, and count adjustment. This allows simple and easy undo/redo for any mistakes made.

[Click here](https://github.com/IvyPokorny/Stock-t_2/tree/499_Milestone3) to view the Algorithms and Data Strucutres repository for this enhancement

Here you can find the narrative corresponding to this category: [Narrative on Algorithms and Data Strucutres](CS499_Milestone3.pdf)

##   Databases

This category involved the creation of a new SQLite database in order to add the ability to track and graph items sold. The new database tracks any count adjustments made to the inventory then the graph displays all of these individual adjustments as well as the date and time they were made. In addition. this enhancement includes proper security standards for hashing passwords in the User database as well as requiring users create sufficiently complex password.

[Click here](https://github.com/IvyPokorny/Stock-t_2/tree/499_Milestone4_Security) to view the Database repository for this enhancement

Here you can find the narrative corresponding to this category: [Narrative on Databases](CS499_Milestone4_Security.pdf)

------------------

Narrative explanations of my selection and improvement process for this project can be found here as well. Either click the Narratives link above or [Click here](https://ivypokorny.github.io/narratives).
